docs: hint how to ignore spans if very short (#1726)
elastic/apm-agent-nodejs: docs/performance-tuning.asciidoc

Reducing max spans could result in loss of useful data about what occurred within a request,
if it is set too low.

> Instead of limiting the number of spans, it can be better to drop spans with a very short duration. This will record the spans but discard them if they are very short.
> This can be implemented by providing a span-filter:

Reviewer: I rephrased this part a little bit - I hope you don't mind 😃 

```suggestion
An alternative to limiting the maximum number of spans can be to drop spans with a very short duration, as those might not be that relevant.

This can be implemented by providing a span-filter:
```

I'd like to move the part about "This will record the spans but discard them if they are very short." into a notice box below the code example - something like this:

```asciidoc
NOTE: Using a span filter does not reduce the load of recording the spans in your application, but merely filters them out before sending them to the APM Server.
This, however, both reduces the amount of storage needed to store the spans in Elasticsearch, and the bandwidth needed to transport the data to the APM Server from the instrumented application.
```

A `NOTE` block will render similar to this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10602/80137069-f764dc80-85a2-11ea-8dbd-5f094ebcc19a.png)

> ```js

Reviewer: We use Asciidoc instead of markdown for our documentation, so the begin a code-block, the syntax is:

```suggestion
[source,js]
----
```

> const agent = require('elastic-apm-node').start({ /* configuration options */ })
> 
> agent.addSpanFilter(payload => {

Reviewer: To keep the code examples short, we prefer to not include the part about initializing the agent itself in cases like this, as one has to assume the reader already knows how to do that when reading this part of the documentation.

```suggestion
agent.addSpanFilter(payload => {
```

  return payload.duration < 10 ? null : payload
})

> ```

Reviewer: .... and to end a code-block in Asciidoc, the syntax is:

```suggestion
----
```

Reducing max spans could result in loss of useful data about what occurred within a request,
if it is set too low.

An alternative to limiting the maximum number of spans can be to drop spans with a very short duration, as those might not be that relevant.

> NOTE: Using a span filter does not reduce the load of recording the spans in your application, but merely filters them out before sending them to the APM Server.
> This, however, both reduces the amount of storage needed to store the spans in Elasticsearch, and the bandwidth needed to transport the data to the APM Server from the instrumented application.
> 
> This can be implemented by providing a span-filter:
> 
> [source,js]
> agent.addSpanFilter(payload => {
>   return payload.duration < 10 ? null : payload
> })
> ----

Reviewer: I added a missing `----` line to the code example, and I moved the `NOTE` block below the code example as I personally think it will look better (@bmorelli25 what do you think?).

```suggestion
This can be implemented by providing a span-filter:

[source,js]
----
agent.addSpanFilter(payload => {
  return payload.duration < 10 ? null : payload
})
----

NOTE: Using a span filter does not reduce the load of recording the spans in your application, but merely filters them out before sending them to the APM Server.
This, however, both reduces the amount of storage needed to store the spans in Elasticsearch, and the bandwidth needed to transport the data to the APM Server from the instrumented application.
```

Reviewer 2: This looks good to me. Thanks!

Reducing max spans could result in loss of useful data about what occurred within a request,
if it is set too low.

An alternative to limiting the maximum number of spans can be to drop spans with a very short duration, as those might not be that relevant.

NOTE: Using a span filter does not reduce the load of recording the spans in your application, but merely filters them out before sending them to the APM Server.

> This, however, both reduces the amount of storage needed to store the spans in Elasticsearch, and the bandwidth needed to transport the data to the APM Server from the instrumented application.

Reviewer 2: Thanks! We need a space here for the admonition block to render correctly. I'll add it in.

```suggestion

This, however, both reduces the amount of storage needed to store the spans in Elasticsearch, and the bandwidth needed to transport the data to the APM Server from the instrumented application.
```
